So welcome back, guys, in this module, we're going to understand the concept of the Alwis that is
type land value.
SLV stands for type land value.
Let us first try to understand the problem, which the results, and then we shall discuss what Dalby's
are and how they are used.
So it is very common scenario in networking that machines often exchange messages with each other,
many Internet routing protocols, Nessel state machines to exchange various messages with each other
periodically.
For example, if you remember Interior Gateway protocol such as all SBF.
Exchange their links to packets with other outlets in the network for their proper functioning.
To understand the problem, let's say machines A, B and C are exchanging the following message with
each other as a part of hypothetical functionality.
B, So we have a network.
And in that network, let's say we have the machines, A, machine B and machine C, right.
And let us say that in order to implement our hypothetical functionality, say B, that is some protocol
B, these machines are required to exchange the messages with each other.
So let us take a simple message example which is defined by this structure on the left hand side, the
struct text message.
So each machine is exchanging with each other the information regarding their Lubeck IP address.
They are routley and you can see that each machine in the topology have two interfaces.
So those interface IP addresses and these links, that is each machine in this topology also has two
links and links, have bandwidths.
So let us say that the machines are also sharing the bandwidth of their links.
Right.
So you can see from the perspective of the machine, A if machine E will share the information in the
format of struct X message than the information shared by the machine, it will look like this.
That is the Lubeck IP addresses 100 or 200 dot one, dot one.
Now, one thing to note here is that Lubeck IP address is of data type unsigned int, but I have a specified
here that idot we don't see the format of the IP address.
I haven't specified this IP address in this format so as so that we can understand because IP address
in this format are more readable.
But I assume that in the structure the IP address is being specified as as an integral value only.
Right for understanding purposes only.
I have specified the IP address in it or we don't see D format but actually assume that when machine
E will.
Prepare this message to this I.P. address has to be specified in its excellent unsigned integer value.
Right.
And the second member in the message is the name itself, which is a string.
And again, the IP addresses are specified in Ajdabiya or C or D format.
So these are interface IP addresses and then you have a link bandwidth.
That's the first link of hundred megabytes and the second link is of 200 megabytes.
Right.
So this is how the text message will look like when it is prepared by the machine.
Similarly, when Machine B will prepare the message, then the contents of the text message will be
the following.
And when Machine C will prepare the text message, then the contents of the text message will be following
with respect to the machine.
See, so you can see that each of the machine, A, B and C are preparing the message of type struct
text message and filling the contents of the message with their own information.
And this and and each machine is sharing this information with the rest of the machines that topology.
So let us say that the machine has transmitted the message prepared by it to the machine B and the machine
C, so when Machine B and C receives the message from machine E over the network B and C can simply
read the contents of the message as follows.
So in C programming language, when you receive a message, you typecast the message into the structure
type.
And then you can easily read the feel of the message.
Right.
So what's the problem, there is no problem machine B and Machine C will going to read the message without
any problems.
Right.
The problem in such exchange of message arises due to heterogeneity of communicating machines, so heterogeneity
reasons could be money, that is, the machines could be manufactured by different vendors, machines,
maybe using different hardware and technologies, machines.
That is, the software running on the machines could be of different compilers, or maybe the software
themselves are implemented in different programming languages.
And there could be many other reasons to to which the machines which are talking in the network actually
differ from each other with respect to the hardware, to the technology and so on.
So we cannot ask all the vendors around the world to manufacture their network equipments that this
machine A, B or C using identical technologies and hardware.
We cannot ask the vendors right to manufacture their machines using identical technologies.
Otherwise we will be the competition.
Then how will companies make profit if they all manufacture the identical machines with identical technologies
and hardware?
So let us try to understand the technical glitches that arises due to heterogeneity of communicating
machines in the network.
So we will discuss two scenarios where machines are distinct and incompatible and when selected machines
in the network have upgraded their software.
So we will discuss these two scenarios that whenever these two scenarios occur, then the communicating
machines faces different problems in communicating or exchanging messages with each other.